hello new unpacking has come
parcel from china this time it should
be a tablet huawei mediapad x1
also he is known as huawei for me
for me filat mediapad revenues nothing
we try to hide the Thais
tried really my grandfather was cut off
2 parcel long more than a month here we are
see Honor x1 is so thin
small box a little wrinkled up
model 7 d500 3 liters so we have written
To characterize Voland + l sixteen
gigabytes of memory 2 gigabytes of RAM
must be black
open Valya black huawei
Slipped them screen Chinese feel
did one film stuck so so but
the device itself let's postpone we'll see
what we come bundled comes
mini micro usb
adapter from Chinese to euro sockets
this is our charger the charger we have
5 volt and 2 output specifications
amperes but not bad
clip for sim card and some
the book should fold look himself
tablet so let's go here on the outside
mind the back wall is metal on
on the left we see nothing up to the top
we have a microphone and a headphone jack
on the right there is no connector for a mini sim card
jack under the flash drive volume rocker
power button and sim card connector
micro mini sim no less micro micro sim
What kind of battery is here now ?
say 5 amps to the river all turn
try top buzzed
honor appeared in general to itself
the tablet is interesting and quite rare
especially in black we have at
least therefore decided to order to see
us version of forces i. I will repeat
review in which we check all of it
characteristics yes i mean it works
Altai gps receiver happens to turn on no
no SIM cards
so immediately the brightness but it was the brightness
brightness to full maximum
brightness I will say mediocre well, nothing
go screen resolution here is 1920 on
quad - core huawei vsky
910 Kirin 2 gigabytes of RAM 16
gigabytes of memory is still he we have 13
megapixels camera we have back and 5
megapixel front camera
the screen we tft is not clear on look at
viewing angles
viewing angles i will say good color color
practically does not change that is the substrate
quality that is, you can not say
what's the tft screen here
more like and ps that 's about
if here gs or not seems to me that
Now look so like this like
what corner to eat before
screen with gs technology without air
interlayer between the screen and the touchscreen
go through the menu on the main screen
than we have cards here on principle
standard up set see here
nothing settings about the phone
model x 17 inch processor
quad 16 memory resolution with
resolution and you cheat 1920 by 1200
android 4 2 2
well, everything is basically unpacking finished
See wait for the review of this device while